Data (CIS ) 
U:nventhel 
REVIEW 
The "ABC Hardware Company" has hired you to write a program for it's Accounts Receivable department (AR are 
accounts that owe money to the company because they have purchased items and have not yet paid for them) 
There are tvvo types Of input data 
1) A master f' e in ascending order by customer number numbers are 4 digas long) The file also 
contains a 
20 character customer narræ and a balance dt_E. 
2) A transaction tile that contains records ot each transaction. This tile is also in ascending order by customer 
number. 
There should be more than one transaction record per master record. Each related group Of date in a file is 
called a 
record. A record should be stored in a Structure. 
Each record Starts With a character, 'O' for Order or "P' for payment. Each record also contains the four-digi 
customer 
number, a tour-digit transaction number, and up to three more valtns: 
If the code 's the record contains the item Ordered (20 characters), the quantty ordered (an integer) plus the cost 
ot the aem. (You must multip y to get the total cost) 
If the code is the record Contains the amount Of the payment 
You are to read in records one at a time from the two fles and use the transactZn file records to update the master 
file. Process all transaction records for æch master record before going On to the next master record. If the 
transaction record contains an "O" column I , calculate the Order amount and add to the balance dæ. It the 
record contains a "P" n Column I, subtract the payment from the balance due. Keep a running total Of ttæ A/R 
Balance Of ABC Company (That is sum Of the balances due tor each Customer. 
Your program should.... 
records in tt-æ transaction tile that do not appear in the master 
After processing a master record and all it's transactions the program shoud prepare an invoice for each customer 
which "Sts the customer name, mner, previous balance (balance before transactions were performed), al 
transactions, and the final balance due (balance after transactions are performed. 
The OtAput should 100k somethng like this... 
CUSTOMER NAME 
TRANSACTION # 
TRANSACTION # 
TRANSACTION # 
TRANSACTION # 
CUSTOMER NUMBER 
PREVIOUS BALANCE $ XXX.XX 
ITEM ORDERED 
ORDERED 
ORDERED 
aALANCE DUE 
S ORDER AMOUNT 
$ ORDER AMOUNT 
S PAYMENT AMOUNT 
S ORDER AMOUNT 
$ xxx_xx 
forget, payments reduce the balance and orders increase it. You are to create your own data using at least 7 
customers With an average Of 5 transactions each 